Improve Content Versioning (#25437)
directus/directus: .changeset/great-experts-clap.md

---
"@directus/api": major
"@directus/types": patch
"tests-blackbox": patch
---

> Redesign Content Versioning to now work across relations and all query parameters.
> 
> ::: notice
> 
> The following things should be kept in mind when updating to the next release:
> 1. The returned data now closely matches our existing apis, likely breaking existing logic using versioning.
> 2. GQL `_by_version` now has separate options for `version` and `versionRaw` and does not default to versionRaw anymore.
> 3. Default values like `current_user` will return unexpected results which will be addressed in a follow up PR.
> 
> For more information, please read the [docs](TODO) on how to work with the new content versioning system.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed `Content Versioning` to support all query parameter functionality

::: notice

The following changes should be kept in mind when updating:
1. Relational versioned data now requires explicit field expansion to be included in the response.
2. Invalid data (e.g. Fails validation rules) will error on query
3. Filter conditions now apply to the versioned data instead of the main record

For more information, please read the [breaking change docs](https://directus.io/docs/releases/breaking-changes/version-11#version-11110) for a full list of changes.

:::
```
